---
layout: post
title: "Presentation by Mr Lim Siong Guan, Permanent Secretary, Prime Minister’s Office Singapore at the Seminar on Hong Kong into the 21st Century - Maintaining Integrity in the Civil Service"
permalink: "/press-room/speeches/1998-05-21-presentation-mr-lim-siong-guan-permanent-secretary-prime-minister’s-office"
---
“Wherever corruption manifests itself, there are a hundred strategems to suck out the lifeblood of the people. How can one imagine that the wealth of the region would not be exhausted in the space of a few years?” Xu Wenbi, 18th Century Magistrate in Sichuan province

Chief Secretary Mrs Anson Chan
Mr W K Lam, Secretary for the Civil Service
Commissioner Mrs Lily Yam
Friends
Ladies and Gentlemen:

          I bring you greetings from my colleagues in Singapore. We are very happy with the regular exchange of visits at the Policy Secretary level which we have with you, the cross-appointment of senior officials on various boards and councils, and the crossattachment of officials. The sharing of views and experience are, without a doubt, of mutual benefit. My colleagues welcome them.

2\.        Thank you for the invitation to speak to you this morning. I count it a real privilege and opportunity. When Mr Lam first invited me to speak, I readily agreed without being entirely clear what exactly I was supposed to speak about. When I learnt about this seminar and its focus on maintaining integrity in the civil service into the 21st century, I began to wonder whether it was the wisest of decisions on my part to volunteer to speak. Because looking into the future is not something that anyone sensible should want to stick his neck out on.

3\.        There is an Arab saying which goes: “He who predicts the future lies, even if he speaks the truth.” We face a world where the only constant is change, where the rate of change itself is increasing, where uncertainty and unpredictability rule the day, where the confluence of political, economic and technological driving forces continually threaten us with a loss of ability to control events and manage outcomes.

4\.        Clearly in Singapore’s case, our smallness dictates that we cannot expect to much influence what goes on around us. We have to submit ourselves to the vagaries of events beyond our control in the region and across the world, yet we have to be well prepared to meet the future in a way which can ensure our survival and success. Add to this the fact that we have a people used to economic success and social progress for more than 30 years, with good education and rising expectations, and we define some of the most important challenges Singapore faces for the 21st Century: a more demanding and critical population, an external environment more fluid and less predictable, a world more linked up by Information Technology yet more competitive as states drive for talent, investments and markets. What kind of a Civil Service do we require to face up to such challenges?

5\.        Before attempting to look at the kind of Civil Service we require for the 21st Century, it is well to look at what we have and we got here. Someone has analysed all fatal failures as the result of one or more of the following failures:

<ul>
  <li>A failure to learn from the past</li>
  <li>A failure to adapt to the present</li>
  <li>A failure to anticipate the future</li>
</ul>
